(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(SNIFFING) Ah...
I love the smell of zebras
in the morning.
(LAUGHING)
Smells like breakfast.
Dogo, Kijana, this is
a perfect opportunity
for you to try out
what we've been practicing.
You mean, luring the little
one away from the herd.
'Cause they're young
and easy to trick.
That's right.
Chase 'em, charm 'em...
And then, chomp 'em.
(LAUGHS) Yes.
We'll scare the herd. You two
find yourselves a little one.
Let's go.
(ALL BARKING)
(SNIFFING)
Smell that, Fuli.
(SNIFFS) Yeah.
And it doesn't smell good.
Don't look at me, I'm back here.
It's not you, Bunga.
It's jackals.
Ono. I'll see what I can see.
ONO: Hmm.
Hapana.
It's jackals, all right.
They're attacking the zebras.
Then, we need to move.
To the Pride Lands and...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(REIREI WHOOPING)
(GASPS) Panic and run!
Panic and run!
(WHINNYING)
(BARKING)
Panic and run, Hamu!
Panic and run!
(PANTING) I am panicking.
But you're running too fast.
See that little one, kiddies.
You know what to do.
We sure do. Yes, Mom.
Hey, wait up. Wait for me.
Oh, no. The jackals have separated
Hamu from the rest of the herd!
Hamu! Those stinkin' Jackals.
Bunga, you and Ono,
go help Hamu.
Affirmative. BUNGA: Zuka Zama.
KION: Fuli, Beshte, let's go
help the rest of the zebras.
Hey, wait up. Wait for me.
You? You're a jackal.
Yeah, but I'm a friendly jackal.
I just wanna play.
Yeah. You do?
Come on. We can play tag.
I do like tag.
(PANTING) Oh, slow down
so I can eat you.
Huwezi. Hyah!
(SCOFFS) Now,
who's slowing down?
Uh, not the zebras.
(ZEBRAS WHINNYING)
Twende Kiboko.
(JACKAL EXCLAIMS AND GRUNTS)
Let's play surprise-tag!
You stand still,
and close your eyes.
ONO: Hamu!
Behind you!
Lion Guard?
No! Don't spoil the surprise.
BUNGA: Zuka Zama. Ha! (THUD)
What kind of game is this?
It's the last game
you'll ever play, Zebra.
Oh, no, you don't.
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
I don't think you play tag
with your teeth.
Jackals do.
Kick him, Hamu! Kick him!
Oh, yeah!
Tag... (YELPS)
you're it!
Good guys, two.
Jackals, nothing.
(YELPS)
(GROWLING)
(LAUGHS AND GASPS)
KION: Give it up, Reirei!
You're the last one standing.
I am? (GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
Well, not anymore.
(GASPS) Where's Hamu?
Hamu! Hamu!
HAMU: Right here, Mom.
Hyah! (WHIMPERING)
Nah, you saved yourself.
Bunga saved me.
Bunga told me to kick,
and I did.
Did you hear that, Kion? That
little zebra attacked my son.
Don't worry, Reirei.
You'll be safe
from this vicious zebras
once you're back
in the Outlands.
No justice for jackals, I guess.
All right, kiddies, let's go.
(SIGHS) Goigoi!
Coming, hun! Thought you
just said, kiddies.
Great job, everyone!
Lion Guard, wait!
Muhimu, what's wrong?
You can't just go.
We've been attacked.
But the jackals are gone now.
You're fine.
No need to panic or run.
Yes, I know, but I...
I'm still sort of shaken up.
You just need to relax, Muhimu.
Take some time for yourself.
(SIGHS) Well, I'd love to, but
what would I do with Hamu?
(FROLICKING)
Maybe Hamu can stay with Bunga.
They really get along together.
Stay with Bunga? Stay with me?
That sounds great!
What do you think, Bunga?
You okay keeping an eye
on Hamu for a little while?
Sure, why not?
Yay! (GRUNTS, LAUGHS)
Oh, thank you.
I can relax now knowing that my little
one is with someone so responsible.
Hamu! You wanna dive off
Hakuna Matata Falls? Yeah.
Did she say, "responsible"?
Uh, Kion, I was wondering...
What is it Ono?
Well, I'm a bit concerned
about Bunga being away.
Ono, it's fine.
Bunga will do great with Hamu.
I'm not worried about that.
I'm worried about us.
We do depend on Bunga.
For funny smells, bad jokes?
Fuli, you know Bunga
is the bravest.
And he's the best climber.
What if we need to rescue
someone from a tree
or some other high place,
while he's gone?
You're right, Ono. We
should practice what we do.
Come on.
See that rock up there?
Let's pretend
it's a trapped animal.
Who wants to try to get it down?
Kion, you know cheetahs
don't climb.
Give it a try.
(SIGHS)
Huwezi.
(GRUNTING)
Whoa!
(GRUNTS)
You're right,
cheetahs can't climb.
I didn't say that.
I said we don't climb.
And now we know why.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Yes, well, I can't climb either.
But I can fly to the rescue.
Hello, little animal in danger.
Allow me to help you out.
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
Ono, you okay?
Mmm. Affirmative.
Hey, I bet I could pick up
that rock.
Twende Kiboko.
Wait, Beshte!
Uh-oh.
Whoa!
Whoa! (SQUAWKS) (GRUNTS)
Okay.
Maybe that's enough climbing
practice for now.
Good!
(GIGGLING)
Juhudi, stop running!
Juhudi, don't splash in the mud.
(SPLASHING) (JUHUDI LAUGHING)
(JUHUDI WHOOPING)
Juhudi, look out for that Hyrax!
(SQUEALING)
Juhudi!
(GIGGLING) Oh...
Forget it.
Excuse me.
(SIGHS) Finally.
Ah!
You look relaxed, Muhimu.
Where's your boy?
Bunga's watching Hamu,
so I can have some me time.
Bunga the honey badger,
(ANIMAL SCREAMING)
from the Lion Guard?
Juhudi! (PORCUPINE WHIMPERING)
I told you not to play
with the porcupine.
(SIGHS)
Think he'd take Juhudi, too?
This time, use your front hooves
to break through the water.
Got it.
BOTH: Zuka Zama!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(TWIGA CLEARS THROAT)
Bunga, would you mind
watching our kids, too?
Ooh, can you Bunga? Can you?
Hmm, I don't know. More kids,
bigger splashes, more noise.
I understand
if it's too much trouble.
You kidding? It sounds great!
Come on, kids, jump in.
KIDS: Yay!
(LAUGHTER AND GIGGLING)
Okay, well, we'll be back
before sunset.
Whenever!
Now what, Bunga? Yeah, is
there anything else to do?
You kidding?
Hakuna Matata Falls is
filled with fun stuff to do.
As long as you know how to...
Tay-kay, roo-ka, and tay-layza.
Yeah, tay-kay, kick!
JUHUDI: Tay-kay!
Tay-kay!
Right back at you, Bunga!
Good job, everybody!
Now, come on.
Roo-ka, jump!
ALL: Roo-ka!
Roo-ka! (GRUNTS)
That was great.
Now, tay-layza! Slide!
ALL: Tay-layza! Yay.
(CHEERS AND LAUGHTER)
See, if you can kick,
jump, and slide,
you can do anything!
I'll show ya!
♪ Get up, everyone
It's time for us to play
♪ I'll show you something new
that we can do all day
♪ It's simple and it's fun
♪ It's kinda like a game
♪ Just watch what I do
♪ Then you do the same
♪ Tay-kay ♪ Everybody, kick
♪ Roo-ka ♪ Everybody, jump
♪ Tay-layza ♪ Everybody, slide
♪ Yeah ♪ Kick, jump, slide
♪ Tay-kay, roo-ka, tay-layza
♪ That's the way to go
Now you're in the groove
♪ Who needs a fancy dance
When we can shake and move
♪ It's simple and it's fun
♪ It's kinda like a game
♪ Just watch what I do
♪ Then you do the same
♪ Tay-kay ♪ Everybody, kick
♪ Roo-ka ♪ Everybody, jump
♪ Tay-layza ♪ Everybody, slide
♪ Yeah ♪ Kick, jump, slide
♪ Tay-kay, roo-ka, tay-layza
♪ Bring it down
(ALL WHOOPING) ♪ Here we go
♪ Oh, oh, oh
(ANIMALS CHATTERING)
♪ Come on, that's right
♪ Yeah, you got it
♪ Let's go
♪ It's simple and it's fun
♪ It's kinda like a game
♪ Just watch what I do
♪ Then you do the same
♪ Tay-kay ♪ Everybody, kick
♪ Roo-ka ♪ Everybody, jump
♪ Tay-layza ♪ Everybody, slide
♪ Yeah ♪ Kick, jump, slide
♪ Tay-kay, roo-ka, tay-layza
♪ Come on
♪ Yeah, and you kick,
and you jump, and you slide
♪ Kick, jump, slide
♪ Tay-kay, roo-ka, tay-layza
♪ Tay-kay, roo-ka, tay-layza ♪
(SNARLING)
Okay, kiddies.
Find the little one
and move it away from the pack
(SNORING) KIJANA: Uh.
None of them are little, Mom.
That's okay. I'll be
the little one.
You can chase me.
(LAUGHING)
Isn't your daddy sweet?
Not smart, but sweet.
Now run him down,
like you're gonna eat him.
(KIDS SNARLING)
(SCREAMING)
(YELPING)
How'd we do, Mom?
Real good, kids.
Good enough that I think
it's time to go back
to the Pride Lands.
But what about the Lion Guard?
Leave that to me.
I'll come up with a plan
to keep them out of our way.
Is it over?
Uh, next time, can I be the big one
and someone else be the little one?
(BIRDS SQUAWKING)
TWIGA: Ooh.
I don't think I've ever been
this relaxed in my life.
Mm-hmm. Oh, have you tried
this grass over here?
No. Is it good?
Amazing!
Try it.
Mmm.
You're right. So good.
Almost as good as Acacia.
(SOFTLY) Let's move on. Nothing
here but tough old animals.
MUHIMU: Mmm, think we should
go pick up the little ones?
Little ones?
Why? They're all having fun
at Hakuna Matata Falls.
Let them play.
You hear that?
A bunch of little ones
at Hakuna Matata Falls.
It's just what you need.
One final test to show
you know your stuff.
Little ones.
(SLURPING) Yum.
Not so fast.
Remember I said,
I'd come up with a plan
You did? For the Lion Guard?
You think of something
to distract the Lion Guard.
The rest of us will go
after the little ones.
But I'm hungry too.
Don't worry, we'll
save you a tidbit.
Come on, kiddies.
Huh. Reirei thinks
I can think of something.
Well, I'm gonna do her proud.
(GROANS) I hope.
Nobody in any of those trees.
Good. I've had enough
climbing for one day.
Guys, it never hurts
to try new things.
It does, when
Beshte lands on you.
At least now we know,
I'm not good at climbing.
Never thought I'd say it but,
I'll be glad to have Bunga back.
Hey, let's go see how
he's doing with Hamu
at Hakuna Matata Falls.
Poa, I'm sure
they're having fun.
Hakuna Matata Falls?
But that's where they're
not supposed to go.
(GROANS) Think Goigoi, think!
Think like you've
never thunk before.
(GOIGOI SCREAMING)
You hear that?
Sounded like a jackal to me.
And it came from back there.
Till the Pride Lands' end,
ALL: Lion Guard, defend!
(GROANING)
Yeah, I got their attention.
Roo-ka!
Zuka Zama.
(KIDS GIGGLING)
Me next, my turn.
Okay.
Get ready.
Roo-ka.
(WATER SPLASHING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Too perfect.
What about Bunga?
You young'uns just
leave him to me.
You all hungry?
Me too. And it looks like there's
plenty of young ones to go around.
We're gonna save some
for Dad. Right, Mom?
Sure we are, sugar.
Sure we are.
(GOIGOI BARKING)
Goigoi, what are you doing?
Ono! I'm...
I'm a chasing antelope.
It's gonna take the whole
Lion Guard to stop me.
Hmm. (GOIGOI BARKING)
(LAUGHING) Wait till
Reirei hears about...
(SCREAMING)
Ono, what did you see?
Well, it's Goigoi.
Who's he chasing?
But that's the thing. He isn't.
GOIGOI: (SCREAMING) Help!
(MUFFLED) Howdy, Kion.
Fancy meeting you here.
What are you up to, Goigoi?
Oh, you know,
just chasing antelope.
No antelope. I checked.
Really? Huh. Sure fooled me.
That part, I believe.
Don't worry.
We'll get you out of there.
You mean it? You'll lend me
a paw or a wing or something?
Sure. But first, you tell us where
Reirei and the rest of your family are.
Oh.
I don't know if I could do that.
I'd be in big trouble.
You're upside down
in a hole, surrounded
by the Lion Guard.
How could things get worse?
Reirei could get mad at me.
That would be worse.
You guys gotta help me.
I'm getting kind of dizzy.
Just give it up, Goigoi.
(GRUNTING) Fine. Fine.
They're at Hakuna Matata Falls.
Heyvi kabisa!
We've gotta help Bunga and Hamu.
What about me?
You gotta just... Huh?
(GRUNTS) Uh. Thanks.
If Reirei asks,
you didn't hear it from me.
Ready for this?
A triple somersault
into the water,
from upside down.
ALL: Ooh!
Sorry to spoil your fun,
but we've been waiting
a really long time to eat
and we just can't wait anymore.
Get out of here, Reirei.
One more step
and you'll regret it.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, really?
You think you can defend all these
little morsels by yourself?
Better believe it.
I'm the bravest
in the Pride Lands.
(SNARLING)
Get outta here, kids.
(SHOUTING) Run!
(JACKALS SNARLING)
Bunga? They're all around us.
Tay-kay, kids.
Tay-kay.
TOGETHER: Tay-kay.
(GROANING)
Hey!
Whoa.
Yes! Now, run.
(SNARLING) Scatter.
You heard Bunga. Scatter!
You can't get away
from us that easy.
We've been practicing.
They have, you know.
(GRUNTING) You're little ones
don't stand a chance.
Don't count on it, Reirei.
Juhudi. Tay-kay, tay-kay.
TOHETHER: Tay-kay.
(COUGHING)
I can't see.
Me, neither.
(COUGHING) We're right
here, come and get us.
(YELPING)
Whoo-hoo.
Yes, way to go, kids.
(GRUNTING)
You think that's enough
to stop my young'uns?
They've trained for this.
Not too well, I guess.
(SNARLING)
Little monkey! Tay-layza!
Got it. Tay-layza!
(EXCLAIMING)
(GROANING)
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
Great job.
(PANTING)
Hamu!
It's okay.
I know what I'm doing.
Almost got ya.
(SNARLS)
Roo-ka.
(YELPS)
And that's how we do it
in Hakuna Matata Falls.
That's it, Reirei.
My kids beat your jackals.
What? But that's impossible.
They're just little kids.
Brave little kids.
HAMU: Yeah.
Brave like Bunga.
Ready, kids?
TOHETHER: Zuka Zama. Aah!
(BLOWS LANDING AND GRUNTING)
Bunga, Hamu, are you all right?
Oh, hey guys.
They look fine to me.
But there's a lot more kids
here, than just Hamu.
What happened?
I guess, word spread about what an
un-Bunga-lievable babysitter I am.
Kion, look what these horrible little
animals did to me and my babies.
Nice!
You have to save us.
I think we can help you, Reirei.
As long as you promise not to come
after any Pride Lands kids again.
Fine. Come along, kids.
I don't care to stay
where we're not welcome.
Good, 'cause we don't
want you here.
Can we go, Mom?
Yes. Now, please?
Run, kids. Run.
(JACKALS YELPING)
You and the kids
did a great job, Bunga.
Nothing to it.
Here they are,
all our little ones.
How was your day, dear?
It was great!
You should've seen these guys.
They fought off a whole pack
of hungry jackals.
ALL: (GASPING) Jackals?
It was easy.
We did tay-kay, roo-ka and
tay-layza.
Just like Bunga taught us.
You taught our kids
to defend themselves?
Yeah, of course.
You're the best
babysitter, ever!
Seriously?
(CHEERING AND LAUGHING)
What can I say?
I knew it all along.
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪